New York City
Suggested date: 
September 17, 2026

HISPA is a nonprofit organization that inspires students to discover their potential and ignite their desire to embrace education and achieve success. 

HISPA was established in New Jersey in 2007. We expanded to San Antonio, Texas, in 2011, New York in 2013, Florida in 2015, and Norristown, Pennsylvania, in 2019.

HISPA has mobilized 3,500 professionals from the corporate, academic, and government sectors to serve as positive role models. Through HISPA’s educational programs, Role Models share their stories to increase students’ awareness of and interest in pursuing college and high-skill careers.

In 2020, HISPA was awarded the Presidential Award for Excellence in Science, Mathematics and Engineering Mentoring, the highest national STEM mentoring award bestowed by the White House.

Who We Are

HISPA Role Model Program: HISPA Role Models visit students’ classrooms during the school day to share their stories and showcase pathways to higher education and successful careers. This year, HISPA is working with 40 schools in NJ, FL, TX, PA, and NY.

HISPA Imagine Day: Students visit HISPA Role Models’ workplaces, exploring career options first-hand while immersed in a professional business setting.

HISPA Youth Conference: Students visit a college campus for interactive STEM workshops and inspirational speakers. HISPA Role Models lead hands-on activities and panels for students and teachers.
What We Do

OUR IMPACT
HISPA Role Models have made more than 4,000 school visits and reached over 33,000 students in New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Texas, and Florida.



A History of Commitment To Our Youth

August 20
Miami
Palm Beach
August 27
September 10
New Jersey
September 24
New York
September 17
Pennsylvania
A Unique Opportunity: Host a 2026 Kick-Off and Recruiting Event

A Unique Opportunity: Host a 2026 Kick-Off and Recruiting Event








Announce HISPA’s funders and partner schools for the academic year.








Teach attendees about HISPA’s mission and achievements.








Showcase the host organization and celebrate their contributions to the community.







Celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month and unite in commitment to our youth.








Energize professionals with the impact they can make as role models.








Recruit and engage these professionals to register as HISPA Role Models.








Provide professional development for HISPA Role Models and volunteers.


Event Goals:

Career & Professional Development Workshop by [company] (OPTIONAL)
5:00 p.m. - 6:00 p.m. - 25 college students 

Networking Event (Music and food)
6:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m. - Pfizer employees, HISPA Role Models, other community volunteers, and HISPA college students 
Formal Agenda
7:00 p.m. - 8:15 p.m. - Inspirational keynote speakers, panel and leadership remarks, call to action, celebration of HISPA Role Models’ commitment


Sample Agenda


HISPA will:

Develop marketing materials and website to promote the event and partners. 
Promote event via social media, email and press releases.
Seek funding in support of food and drinks, unless host organization is able to sponsor or provide in-kind.
Develop agenda and secure speakers.
Set up the space and provide decorations.
Organize name badges and the registration table. 
Identify giveaways and door prizes.
Manage RSVP from HISPA Role Models (including volunteers from AT&T, Bank of America, Citi, Colgate-Palmolive, FINRA, Prudential, PSEG, Verizon, SHPE, Prospanica, ALPFA, etc.)

A Unique Collaboration

A Unique Collaboration
Pfizer will:

Provide event space and tech support (screen, projector, and microphone).
Photographer, if external photographer is not allowed.
Engage the participation of Pfizer employees.
Identify one or two VIP speakers for Welcoming or Closing Remarks.
Provide directions and parking for guests. 
Collaborate by partially funding food and drinks, if possible.
Internal event promotion and RSVP list.
Optional: Pfizer branded giveaways.

